---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E3: Preparing for WODs"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-02-18
published: true
labels:
  - WOD
  - Invoice1
---
Invoice1 WOD required us to create a sales receipt for a sale with five different products. We needed to make it so that the expressions change dynamically and are not hardcoded in the webpage. We had to first define the variables and then create a table that displayed the variables dynamically. The result should be an invoice receipt which automatically computes and displays the correct values when changing the values of price or quantity quantities. 

During my first runthrough of the WOD, it went smoothly and I was able to do all of the tasks while only slightly referencing other sources. However, when I started recording, I ran into difficulties because I was unsure of where to put the open and closing script tags within the table format. I had to stop recording to figure it out but then I recording a couple more times after that when my table just completely disappeared. However, it started working around my 4th try since I had finally inputted all the code with the syntax correctly.

In order to prepare for the WOD, I reviewed how to write tables in HTML, as well as Javascript string templates and the concept of variables. Similarly to previous WODs, I reviewed the HTML syntax. However, this time I also had to review the Javascript syntax since we had not done that in previous WODs. For previous WODs, since they built off each other, I also felt that they did not require as much preparation.

For the next WOD, I would make sure that I fully understand all the mistakes that I am making in between recording attempts, so I don’t end up l like how I did this time: with 4-5 failed attempts and being stuck on the exact same step every time. That was a big mistake on my part that could have been easily avoided but led to a lot of time being wasted.
