---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E5: Reflecting on Assignment 2"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-04-25
published: true
labels:
  - Assignment 2
---
Provide a brief introduction to the assignment along with a link to this page for further details
Assignment 2 challenges us to create a functioning user login and registration page, and store the user data in a JSON file. https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/150.Assignment2/experience-Assignment2_retrospective.html

What did you learn from this assignment?
I learned more about the server side processing and also how to pull/push data to and from a JSON file. It also helped me learn how to juggle more tasks in a short period of time since this was arguably more difficult than the last assignment and we had less time to do it.

How did you get help when you needed it? What did you need help with?
I reached out to Professor Port before starting the assignment to help get a better idea of what objectives we needed to complete and the tasks to do so.

How was developing this assignment different than assignment #1?
I feel like the main difference was working with the data in the user JSON file, writing the code to pull the data from the file and then push new data from the registration into the JSON file. There were also more things to do than assignment 1. However, I feel like this time around I had a better understanding 

Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging
Thinking - 10%
Writing code - 40%
Testing and debugging - 50%

Describe what worked well with this project? What did not work well?
My problem solving skills and debugging have definitely improved since the last assignment, since now I have a better idea of what to look for. 
If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you do differently?
I would probably try to finish earlier so I could spend more time debugging because even now I feel like there are some errors that I didn’t catch.

