---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E6: Reflecting on Assignment 3"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-05-12
published: true
labels:
  - Assignment 3
---
### Briefly describe your system (e.g. A store selling Pokemon game cards)
Our store sells albums from the Kpop group SHINee. The different product types feature the individual members’ solo albums.

### Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented?
We managed to implement all of the assignment requirements without any notable issues.

### Describe what you are most proud of about your system:
I am most proud of its functionality and the fact that everything is functioning properly as desired. I am also proud of the CSS and overall UI design of the website because it looks nice and like a realistic ecommerce site.

### Describe what you are least happy with your system:
I am happy with everything. I believe we worked hard and made the best possible system that we could.

### How was developing this assignment different than assignment #2?
This required a lot more elements going into it and a lot more critical thinking in terms of figuring out how those elements would work together. Working in a group also made things different and easier in a lot of ways because I had people to lean on for help when I needed it and didn't have to shoulder all of the work by myself.

### When you ran into a problem, what did you do to address it?
I consulted ChatGPT and then went to my group mates, and if those two both did not work, I went to Professor Port.

### Describe what worked well in doing this assignment?
I think my group worked well together and were able to divide the work well. We also had good communication and didn’t have too many problems pushing and pulling new updates.

### Describe what did not work well in doing this assignment?
What did not work well was my reliance on ChatGPT because it often gave me code that was overcomplicated. I should’ve searched different places on the internet to find a solution to the problem.

### What did you learn from doing this assignment?
I learned a lot about the time it would take to debug things and experiment with unfamiliar code. I also learned that things are a lot more simple than you think sometimes and overcomplicating it will waste a lot of time.

### If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you change?
I would definitely start earlier and allot more time to each task. I definitely overestimated how quickly I could complete things and now I wish I’d had more time to work on the individual parts and perfect things.

### Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging
Thinking - 15%
Writing - 40%
Testing - 45%

### Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself) and explain briefly your rationale for the percentage breakdown. Be sure to include an overview of what specifically you and your partners contributed (e.g. “I worked on the security and my partner 1 worked on personalization”)
Monica (myself) - 33%: I worked on the navbar, shopping cart, whole checkout process with the emailing as well as IR 4, the favorites button.
Brandon - 33%: He worked on the whole admin backend and part of IR 5, the star rating system.
Le Yi - 33%: She worked on IRs 3 and 5, which were the search bar function and star rating system.
